Add IXCLRDataProcess::GetRuntimeNameByAddress Method (#18107)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/unmanaged-api/debugging/ixclrdataprocess-getruntimenamebyaddress-method.md

---

> title: "IXCLRDataProcess::GetRuntimeNameByAddress Method"

Reviewer: This new file should be linked from toc.yml too.

ms.date: "01/16/2019"
api.name:
  - "IXCLRDataProcess::GetRuntimeNameByAddress Method"
api.location:
  - "mscordacwks.dll"
api.type:
  - "COM"
f1.keywords:
  - "IXCLRDataProcess::GetRuntimeNameByAddress Method"
helpviewer.keywords:
  - "IXCLRDataProcess::GetRuntimeNameByAddress Method [.NET Framework debugging]"
topic_type:
  - "apiref"
author: "tommcdon"
ms.author: "tommcdon"
---
# IXCLRDataProcess::GetRuntimeNameByAddress Method

Gets a name for the given address.

[!INCLUDE[debugging-api-recommended-note](../../../../includes/debugging-api-recommended-note.md)]

## Syntax

```cpp
HRESULT GetRuntimeNameByAddress(
    [in] CLRDATA_ADDRESS address,
    [in] ULONG32 flags,
    [in] ULONG32 bufLen,
    [out] ULONG32 *nameLen,
    [out, size_is(bufLen)] WCHAR nameBuf[],
    [out] CLRDATA_ADDRESS* displacement
);
```

## Parameters

`address`\

> [in] A CLRDATA_ADDRESS that stores the virtual memory address.

Reviewer 2: This is unclear.  What is the address of?

`flags`\

> [in] Set to '0'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[in] Set to '0'.
```

`bufLen`\
[in] The length of the buffer.

`namLen`\
[out] A pointer to the number of characters returned.

`namBuf`\
[out, size_is(`bufLen`)] The input buffer of length `bufLen`.

`displacement`\

> [out] A pointer to the code offset.

Reviewer 2: This could use a bit more explanation.  What code?

## Remarks

> The provided method is part of the `IXCLRDataProcess` interface and corresponds to the 16th slot of the virtual method table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The provided method is part of the `IXCLRDataProcess` interface and corresponds to the 16th slot of the virtual-method table.
```

> [!NOTE]

> Returns S_FALSE if the buffer is not large enough for the name, and sets nameLen to be the buffer length needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If the buffer is not large enough for the name, this method returns `S_FALSE` and sets `nameLen` to the required buffer length.
```

> If the buffer is not large enough for the name, this method returns `S_FALSE` and sets `nameLen` to the required buffer length.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If the buffer is not large enough for the name, this method returns `S_FALSE` and sets `nameLen` to the required buffer length.
```

## Requirements

> **Platforms:** See [System Requirements](../../../../docs/framework/get-started/system-requirements.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Platforms:** See [System Requirements](../../get-started/system-requirements.md)
```

> **Header:** None

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Header:** None\
```

> **Library:** None

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Library:** None\
```
